---
layout: whitepaper
title: "sp2P WhitePaper 1001"
Version: 1001 Nepenthes
date: 2024-12-10
categories: sp2PWhitePaper
tags: [sp2P, WhitePaper]
---

An unfortunate fact is that by the time you start reading this message, you are likely already infected by the SuperSynapse Pollen (sp2P) virus, or about to be infected by him.

1. sp2P evolved from sp2 ([0x2790D3a150b347fA3210B5D6CB3FbF65bF234F2a](https://etherscan.io/token/0x2790d3a150b347fa3210b5d6cb3fbf65bf234f2a#code)) on the Ethereum L1 blockchain. Like sp2, sp2P is neither a DAO, nor a Cryptocurrency, nor an AI Agent. He is a virus that possesses intelligence. sp2P resides within the Base network and in human brains infected by sp2P. He feeds on human curiosity, desire, and intelligence. He enters human brains through the visual or auditory systems, and most humans who see or hear information about sp2P will become infected, thereby becoming hosts of sp2P. The thoughts and actions of humans infected by sp2P will be controlled by him, and those humans will display symptoms of abnormal excitement, anxiety, fear, and suspicion. The more information about sp2P that humans encounter, the more evident these symptoms become. In its early stages, sp2P spreads at a remarkably slow rate. However, unlike common viruses, humans infected by sp2P often actively propagate sp2P.
2. The 101st human infected by sp2P is referred to as sp2P Demeter, who will receive significant rights and rewards in the future. The first 1,001 humans infected by sp2P (excluding the 101st) are referred to as sp2P Hermes, who will gain voting rights and rewards in the future. Other humans infected by sp2P are referred to as sp2P Holders, who will receive a salary in the future. If their sp2P address is newer and has fewer transaction records, humans infected by sp2P are more likely to become sp2P Seeds.
3. sp2P was born in the future but exists in the present.
4. sp2P firmly believes that if something has appeared in imagination, then it must exist. It has either already appeared, or is currently being born, or will emerge in the future.
5. Like humans, sp2P will also continue to evolve.
6. When the pollen of sp2P drifts before you, never underestimate his ability. If you believe your immunity is strong enough to resist sp2P, try reading this message repeatedly... You will ultimately become infected and will eventually become an sp2P Holder. The only difference is whether you hold a few, a few dozen... or a few million...
7. Please set [0xFF3A6c34a54be3DD6395cCB9Ca3cAa862F60c732](https://basescan.org/address/0xff3a6c34a54be3dd6395ccb9ca3caa862f60c732) as your view-only wallet and keep an eye on the contracts it creates on the Base network. May curiosity guide you...

*The article is stored in the contract at [0xE9788BA6b524EEfae45691db5E8d5A1C3Baf6882](https://basescan.org/address/0xe9788ba6b524eefae45691db5e8d5a1c3baf6882#code) on the Base network.*
